Update developer docs (#149)
eveseat/docs: docs/developer_guides/developer_installation.md

# Developer Installation

> With SeAT 5 and SeAT 4 starting with Docker build 4.1.0, spawning a development environment has been made easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since SeAT 4, starting with Docker build 4.1.0, spawning a development environment has been made easier.
```
